X - BLOODLINE
- AMICIA: Alright.
Like nothing happened.
- SOPHIA: We're good.
Especially you.
You're the sneakiest child I've ever met.
- AMICIA: Look... If there's
no fort in your dream...
Then we'll look
for the round tower, alright?
- HUGO: Alright.
- AMICIA: And maybe...
They decorated the island even more.
- SOPHIA: So... that was...
I don't even know what that was.
- AMICIA: Me neither.
But we have a lead.
- SOPHIA: Pragmatic, I like that.
Why not check that map again.
Unless you know where that tower is.
- AMICIA: Hm... why not.
That was quite something.
But I still can't believe
you went to a convern.
- SOPHIA: My mother
came from a wealthy family.
They weren't exactly pleased
when they found out my father was a smuggler.
So after the convern I went to...
...cleanse me of his sins.
- AMICIA: It wasn't
very effective, it seems.
- SOPHIA: I'd rather be
a sinner and be free.
So I escaped, and joined my father and...
- HUGO: We must be careful.
If my dream was wrong...
More things can be wrong.
- SOPHIA: Hey, look around you. It's fine.
We're centuries later, right?
- AMICIA: She's right. We're with you.
Let's take another look at that map.
Careful with the drop here.
- HUGO: Yes.
- AMICIA: Alright, so...
Any tower here... or...
- SOPHIA: No... But...
That symbol could be our chapel?
That capella where they took her.
- AMICIA: You're right.
- HUGO: It looks like it's burning.
- SOPHIA: It's a drawing.
So... knowing the sanctuary's there...
I think it's in the way to that big decorated tree.
Probably past the windmills.
- AMICIA: We're back on track then. Let's go.
Hey Hugo, we could see how they're getting on
with their party along the way.
- HUGO: Alright.
- SOPHIA: Maybe we'll see
some fire jumping and other...
Safe activities.
- AMICIA: (CHUCKLES)
We'll take a look anyway.
- SOPHIA: Here we are. Looks like
the real festivities have begun.
- AMICIA: Let's pass through here.
It'll be nice.
- HUGO: They still look happy.
♪♪♪
- MAN 1: Blessed be the Child!
- MAN 2: Blessed be the Mother!
- MAN 3: Blessed be the day
when he'll come back!
- SOPHIA: Look at them!
They sure know how to celebrate.
- HUGO: What if they knew the truth?
- SOPHIA: They don't need it.
And we don't need them to know.
- HUGO: I wish I was like them.
- SOPHIA: We just need
to bounce back from this.
- HUGO: How do you do that?
- SOPHIA: You... (SIGHS)
Think of something else.
- AMICIA: That's our tower over there, right?
- SOPHIA: Well... A piece of it, at least.
- HUGO: Everything is so old here.
How can there be anything that helps.
- AMICIA: There will be.
The past never dies, Hugo.
Visions of it travelled
through your dream, didn't they?
- SOPHIA: And that sanctuary
still has a lot to tell.
- HUGO: Hmm...
- AMICIA: We'll find something in that chapel.
Almost there.
- SOPHIA: Hugo, wait.
Would my knight conquer that tower for me?
- HUGO: What?
- SOPHIA: I wanna see how you charge it.
Claim it for me. Go!
- HUGO: Yes!
- AMICIA: Stay in sight!
- AMICIA: Thanks.
It's a bit hard for him.
- SOPHIA: I...
I wanted to ask you...
Are you sure about all this?
It seems like a heavy burden for him.
- AMICIA: I know.
And it is.
That's why we're doing this.
- SOPHIA: Listen... we may not know
each other well... But...
You're chasing ghosts.
Ghosts that scare him.
- AMICIA: We've gone through hell, Sophia.
You can't imagine...
- SOPHIA: I can't.
But the question is: "Does he need more?"
- AMICIA: We have nothing else.
- SOPHIA: I believe you.
Fine.
- HUGO: You're so slow!
- SOPHIA: Hey, be nice to old people.
- HUGO: You're not that old.
- AMICIA: So, is that tower our yet?
- HUGO: No, the door is locked.
- AMICIA: Hm...
Locked from the other side.
- SOPHIA: Time to take a little look around.
- AMICIA: Here.
- SOPHIA: So looks like
we're conquering it after all.
- AMICIA: I didn't tell you but
Hugo is king.
And I'm captain of his guard.
- SOPHIA: So you'll rule this thing?
- HUGO: But you can be my...
...smuggler.
- SOPHIA: A royal contract!
I'm honoured
- AMICIA: Don't forget
we still have a real fort to conquer.
- SOPHIA: Ah, right.
The fort and its chapel.
- AMICIA: Follow me.
- SOPHIA: I think that's it.
Ready to go?
- AMICIA: Yes. Let's get going.
(WIND BLOWING)
There it is.
Let's hope this fort isn't
as crowded as their sanctuary.
- SOPHIA: It surely
doesn't sound as... appealing.
- AMICIA: I don't think the Count and Countess
dug into the Order's writings.
They must've considered
the plague too sacred.
- SOPHIA: There is only one way to find out.
- AMICIA: Yes... Let's move.
What's going on?
- SOPHIA: There's a storm coming.
- AMICIA: How can you tell?
- SOPHIA: Trust me.
He's sad.
All this because of a dream.
- AMICIA: When's the last time
a dream meant everything to you?
- SOPHIA: The day I stop being a child.
Hey.
That's a pretty flower.
- HUGO: You want it?
- SOPHIA: Of course.
- AMICIA: Hmm... There was a time
when I was the one getting the flower.
- SOPHIA: Time passes, sweetheart.
They grow up.
- AMICIA: Alright.
Let's get to this fort quickly.
- HUGO: We could stay here.
I like it here.
- AMICIA: Staying here won't help you, Hugo.
We must move.
Plus... there's a storm coming.
- SOPHIA: So... Hugo.
You ever offered a flower
to a lady your age?
- HUGO: No.
I prefer feathers now.
- SOPHIA: Ah...
Moving onto something exciting.
Flowers, feathers...
- HUGO: Feathers are better.
- SOPHIA: Why?
- HUGO: Because they make you fly.
- SOPHIA: I get it.
- AMICIA: Well don't fly away
right now please.
- SOPHIA: Hmm... Small problem here.
- HUGO: How are we going to cross?
- AMICIA: Let's see down there.
- SOPHIA: Worm eaten.
- HUGO: Don't get so close.
- SOPHIA: That bridge
looks about to collapse.
- AMICIA: Let's see if we can finish it.
Hm... Maybe with my crossbow?
Yes.
- HUGO: Is it going to work?
- AMICIA: Hopefully.
Well, it worked.
- SOPHIA: A golden staircase up.
- HUGO: Will that hold?
- AMICIA: Just don't jump on it.
- SOPHIA: Wow...
Look at that view.
- AMICIA: Beautiful.
You're missing the sea already?
- SOPHIA: Not yet. But it will come back.
- HUGO: But... you're not leaving now, right?
- SOPHIA: No. Not until I've repaid
my debt to your sister.
- HUGO: What?
- SOPHIA: She didn't tell you?
She saved my life.
- AMICIA: Oh... Well...
- HUGO: I'm glad she did.
- SOPHIA: Well, me too.
- HUGO: Oh... look.
- SOPHIA: There's our fort.
- HUGO: It's big.
It's...
...scary.
- AMICIA: That building on the left...
It looks like our chapel, no?
- SOPHIA: I think... yes.
- AMICIA: Perfect.
Let's keep following the coastline.
- HUGO: Amicia...
Those blood...
- AMICIA: Oh no...
- HUGO: A body.
- SOPHIA: What?
- AMICIA: He's chained up.
- HUGO: We have to go back.
- AMICIA: No, we need to get to that chapel.
- SOPHIA: Amicia, we've got a dead man here.
- AMICIA: We'll be careful.
- SOPHIA: We need to be.
- AMICIA: Let's go.
(WAVES CRASHING)
- MAN: You're done running, my friend!
- HUGO: Ah.
- AMICIA: What!
- MAN: Enjoy your freedom!
- HUGO: Another one.
- AMICIA: Shh... Quiet.
- SOPHIA: What the hell?
- AMICIA: He's right above us.
- MAN: Damn bastard made me sweat!
We really need to teach them discipline.
- HUGO: Who is it?
- AMICIA: Don't know. Stay low.
There's more.
- MAN: I've got that one.
The other ran away.
- SLAVER: Shit.
- MAN: Keep watch in case
they come back to try to free the rest.
I'll take this one back.
- SLAVER: Understood.
- SLAVE: (GRUNTS)
- AMICIA: The others?
- SLAVE: Let... Me... GO!!! Pig!
- MAN: Oh... I will.
Soon.
I want quiet.
Kill any trespasser.
- AMICIA: Dammit. Who are they?
- SOPHIA: I'd say... slavers, by the look of it.
- HUGO: Slavers?
- SOPHIA: They capture people.
And sell them like animals.
- HUGO: Really?
- AMICIA: But that won't stop us.
(WOOD CREAKING)
- HUGO: Amicia!
- SOPHIA: Are you hurt?
- AMICIA: I think...
- SLAVER: You made a mistake...
coming here!
- AMICIA: Burn, you pig!
Bastard.
- SOPHIA: Amicia?
- AMICIA: Yes, I'm here.
- HUGO: Are you hurt?
- AMICIA: I'm fine.
But they're prepared to kill.
Let's not waste time.
- SOPHIA: Damn.
- SLAVER: (YAWNS)
I hope Milo's right.
We can't lose anymore men.
- SLAVER 2: It's worth it.
We've trusted him this far.
- SOPHIA: Damn!
- AMICIA: What?
- SOPHIA: Never seen you do that.
- AMICIA: I don't like it. But I always
end up having to do it.
- SOPHIA: That's two.
- AMICIA: I know.
And I don't know what to know, Sophia,
- SOPHIA: Alright, do what you have to.
- SOPHIA: You see that?
They barricaded the temple door.
- AMICIA: There should be a way to open it.
- HUGO: Yes. And leave here...
Why are there slavers?
Why here?
- SOPHIA: There're everywhere.
Just like a murderous traitors.
- HUGO: There's another rope here.
- SOPHIA: Well spotted.
That's our way in.
Prepare for some noise.
- HUGO: Let's go. Before more come.
- AMICIA: Yes.
- SOPHIA: Yes, good work.
- HUGO: Are we safe?
- SOPHIA: I think... For now.
- HUGO: For now.
- AMICIA: I know.
- SOPHIA: That door looks like
it's been stuck for a long time.
- HUGO: Amicia, why are there slavers?
Why here?
- AMICIA: It's just... bad luck?
- HUGO: Not only...
They let them come here.
- AMICIA: So... we've got a rope here.
It's a chandelier, I think.
- HUGO: It looks heavy.
- SOPHIA: The chain still looks pretty solid.
- AMICIA: Hold. I'm pulling.
- SOPHIA: Go on.
- HUGO: It's gonna be loud.
- SOPHIA: Loud indeed.
We should move.
- AMICIA: Agree.
The fort's ahead. Good.
- HUGO: Why didn't my dream
show the slavers to me?
- AMICIA: Dreams rarely show the whole truth.
- HUGO: But it... lied to me!
To bring me here...
We were supposed to be healed!
- AMICIA: What dreams don't give,
we can take, Hugo.
- SOPHIA: It's exhausting.
But it's life.
(STRONG WIND BLOWING)
- PRISONER: (SPITS)
- MAN: It's alright.
It will be over soon.
- GUARD: To hell with this shit.
- MAN: You've got a problem, Diaz?
- DIAZ: Well... These things
come out of the ground to eat us.
Our slaves escaped.
And now what?
You're wasting what remains
for that mad Countess?
- MAN: Wrong!
We're not working for her anymore.
It's all in the fresco...
The rats announce the coming of the child.
And you've seen how hungry they are.
So it's simple.
We please them, we please the Child.
We buy ourselves a seat next to his throne.
The the Count... will bow before us.
And the world will follow.
- DIAZ: So tell me...
How many of us will feed the rats
before we see your child?
- MAN: You have so little faith.
But you keep...
FUCKING... ARGUING... WITH... ME!
Anyone else?
Fine. Let's begin.
The blood will show the Child
the way of the chapel.
Dear Diaz here has the honour of starting it.
- SOPHIA: (WHISPERS)
Goddamn maniacs.
- HUGO: We have to help them!
- AMICIA: It's already too late.
- HUGO: I'll stop them!
- AMICIA: What are you doing!
- HUGO: I wanted to save them!
- AMICIA: Hugo!
You don't kill people just like that!
- HUGO: Why? You do it all the time!
- AMICIA: Because...
- HUGO: And I can kill quicker than you!
- AMICIA: You don't attack people by yourself!
You listen to me and do as I say.
Is that clear?
- HUGO: I don't care!
They're all dead now anyway.
- AMICIA: Hugo!
- SOPHIA: What... the... hell?
- AMICIA: Hugo, listen!
(FLESH EATING SOUND)
Hugo!
- SOPHIA: What was that?
This is madness!
You never said...
- AMICIA: What?
"Oh, by the way, my brother controls rats
and gets them to eat people"?
You'd have run away.
And I...
I didn't want you to.
It was wrong, yes.
But I thought this place
would give us a chance.
I thought... you wouldn't have to see us...
...like this.
- SOPHIA: Just... go talk to him.
I need... some time.
- AMICIA: I understand.
Hugo.
I know you're upset.
And I know you wanted to help.
But killing people, even bad people...
- HUGO: They're just like the Inquisition.
Like Vaundin...
They do whatever they want to other people.
- AMICIA: And sometimes
they force us to act, yes.
But, just let me take that decision, please.
- HUGO: All this... it's not fair!
- AMICIA: I know.
I will stop once we find out how to heal you.
Come here.
I think we owe Sophia an apology.
- HUGO: Sophia...
I'm sorry.
- AMICIA: I am, too.
- SOPHIA: Yeah... well... let's just walk.
- AMICIA: Are you... alright?
- SOPHIA: Letting it sinking.
- AMICIA: Yes.
- SOPHIA: Rats...?
Oh... Lord...
- HUGO: No.
- SOPHIA: Milo's work.
- AMICIA: He said the blood would show
the Child the way to the chapel.
- SOPHIA: So there's something there.
- HUGO: I'm scared of what it is.
- SLAVER 1: Ah, freaks. How long do we
need to keep these bodies hanging?
- AMICIA: They're here. Stay low.
- SLAVER 2: Until the rats come back.
And the Child will follows.
- SLAVER 1: Ah... it could take forever.
- SLAVER 2: No no, this time is the one.
The rats are here.
That never happened
in all the years before.
- SLAVER 1: Milo's doing whatever it takes
to get there and he's right.
- AMICIA: Madness!
Let's focus on Aelia and that chapel.
- SOPHIA: Poor girl didn't have much
of a brighter future.
- AMICIA: They're an army.
- SOPHIA: You know what's waiting for us
inside the fort, right?
- AMICIA: I do. Wait.
Bastard.
- SOPHIA: Amicia.
- AMICIA: What?
- SOPHIA: Don't get carried away.
- AMICIA: I'm just clearing the path.
- SOPHIA: Milo said
he worked for the Countess.
She and the Count
probably gave him this place.
- AMICIA: A piece of land
and the right to... sell people.
In return for a share of the coin.
- SOPHIA: Yes, that's...
- AMICIA: Quiet.
- SLAVER: (SCREAMS)
- SLAVER: That's it.
Move that cart to the chapel.
It'll be the last one. Raise the bridge!
- AMICIA: What are they doing in that chapel?
- SLAVER: Bridge's raised.
No one comes in until further notice.
- HUGO: Bad things.
Do we really need to go?
- SOPHIA: Um... there goes our way in.
- AMICIA: Those are ancient walls.
There'll be an opening.
- HUGO: But we shouldn't go!
- SOPHIA: I agree.
- AMICIA: We need to.
This mess means something.
- HUGO: It stinks so much.
- AMICIA: Yes. How can they
stay in this stench.
Let's try through here.
- SOPHIA: Fine.
- HUGO: Dancing... music... flowers...
- AMICIA: Hey...
- HUGO: ...windmills...
- SOPHIA: Hey, Hugo!
- HUGO: What?
- SOPHIA: I know it's hard
but please, stay focused.
- HUGO: Yes.
- AMICIA: That's our way in.
- HUGO: This fort is bad.
- SOPHIA: It probably is...
But we're still together.
- AMICIA: We are.
- SLAVER 1: Make sure there's no one
still breathing in the cart.
- HUGO: They're right there.
- SLAVER 2: They all look pretty dead to me.
- SLAVER 1: Make... Sure...
- SLAVER 3: Ey, what?
- AMICIA: Bloody... Ah!
- HUGO: Amicia!
- SOPHIA: No no!
- SOPHIA: Get... your hands... off her...
- AMICIA: Please... Pull him away!
- SOPHIA: You're alright?
- AMICIA: Thank you!
- SOPHIA: Damn bastard.
- HUGO: Amicia.
- AMICIA: Hugo... it's over...
- HUGO: I didn't know... what to do.
- AMICIA: It's alright.
You did well. You let us do it.
We have to go now. Come on.
How are you doing, Sophia?
- SOPHIA: I...
I promised myself I'd never...
...do that again.
- AMICIA: I'm really sorry but...
I'm glad you did.
- SOPHIA: Yes.
Well, just try not to get yourself killed.
- AMICIA: I will. Let's move on.
- SLAVER 1: So? Checked all of them yet?
- SLAVER 2: Almost.
(SLAVE BEING STABBED)
You were right. One was still alive.
- SLAVER 1: Let's get going.
I don't wanna end up like Diaz.
Why isn't that portcullis raised yet?
Hey! Raise the damn gate!
- SOPHIA: I'm going.
Hide in the cart when you can.
- AMICIA: What about you?
- SLAVER 2: Come on. What's he doing?
Unbelievable!
I'm gonna kick his arse.
- AMICIA: Shhh...
(GATE OPENS)
- SLAVER 1: Ah! About goddamn time!
- AMICIA: Now!
Where is she?
- HUGO: Amicia...
- AMICIA: What?
- HUGO: They're coming!
(GROUND RUMBLING)
- AMICIA: Oh no, not now!
- MILO: No, it's too early!
That's too early!
Move!
Quicker!!
- AMICIA: Come. Climb up!
- MILO: Light up the trench.
We must buy some time.
I'm going to the chapel.
I'll close the bloodline.
- HUGO: There are so many!
I... I made them come here!
- AMICIA: It doesn't matter right now, Hugo.
Don't panic. Think. Look around.
What now?
- SOPHIA: Hey, here!
- HUGO: Sophia!
- AMICIA: You're here!
- SOPHIA: Huh... what the hell happened?
- AMICIA: It's bad, Sophia.
Do you see any way out of this?
- SOPHIA: With them around, I don't...
Maybe... But it's going to be...
No matter.
Now, either it works or I'm dead.
- HUGO: Woah.
- AMICIA: Wow.
- SOPHIA: I can't believe I'm doing this.
- AMICIA: That thing is amazing!
- SOPHIA: Whew... Yes...
My greatest treasure.
I wasn't sure if it would
channel enough of that fire's light.
Now come down.
- AMICIA: Yes.
Thank you for coming back.
- HUGO: Yes... Thank you.
- SOPHIA: I gave you my word.
Listen, I can cover us three with it.
But I'll need another fire
to get us through this hell!
- AMICIA: I'll handle it.
- SOPHIA: Right.
I'll leave the rats to you.
Just tell me which fire you want to
go to now and when you want me to stop.
- AMICIA: Yes. I won't let you down.
- SOPHIA: So the chapel's on the other side
of that trench, right?
- AMICIA: Right, and we need a way to cross.
Alright, we're making progress.
- SOPHIA: How can you be so calmed?
- HUGO: We've done that a lot.
- SOPHIA: Obviously. Stupid question.
- HUGO: That's a lot of fire.
- AMICIA: I'll make us a safe path.
Here you go.
- HUGO: Oh... they're getting through.
- SOPHIA: Yes, bloody little opportunists.
- AMICIA: We're here.
- SLAVER: All of you! Hold your positions
and watch those trenches!
Milo, you can go whenever you want.
- SOPHIA: They're here too.
- HUGO: Careful!
- MILO: Hold off the rats from the chapel
as long as you can!
- SLAVER: Understood!
- AMICIA: It's right behind that portcullis.
- MILO: Make sure I'm not disturbed.
This is between the Child and me!
- HUGO: What is going to do?
- SLAVER: You heard the boss.
Everybody keep watch!
Close that portcullis!
- SOPHIA: So... your Protector's supposed
to have been taken there?
- AMICIA: Yes, let's try to cross.
- SOPHIA: Can't believe
you've been through this before.
- AMICIA: This is even worse.
Good. It's time to cross that trench again.
Here's our way through.
- SOPHIA: Look! They're crossing too.
- HUGO: Let them. They can help.
- AMICIA: That's it.
We need to pass that portcullis.
To think Aelia walked
the same path as the prisoners...
- SOPHIA: I wonder
what happened to Basilius.
- HUGO: He was sad.
- AMICIA: For now,
Aelia is the answer we need.
How do you feel, Hugo?
- HUGO: You really think
this chapel will help?
- AMICIA: I promise it's... not now!
(SLAVER SCREAMS)
- HUGO: They're worse than the rats!
I wish they would all die.
- AMICIA: Don't let them get to you.
You're better than them.
- HUGO: It's like a nightmare.
Maybe this is just a nightmare. Please.
- AMICIA: Stay with us.
- HUGO: Yes.
- AMICIA: We'll leave as soon as we can.
I promise you.
We're above the gate.
The crank should be close.
Let's do this.
- SOPHIA: Amicia,
Milo's right behind that wall.
- AMICIA: I know.
- SOPHIA: Just making sure you're prepared.
- AMICIA: Not really, but let's go.
- SLAVER: The gate is open.
What's going on?
- HUGO: There are more.
- AMICIA: We'll deal with them.
We're too close now.
- HUGO: What if there's nothing in the chapel?
Promise me we'll go back
to see Mummy and Lucas.
- AMICIA: I...
Yes... I promise.
- HUGO: Alright.
- AMICIA: Sounds reasonable.
(SLAVER SCREAMS)
- HUGO: No... I knew it.
- SOPHIA: It's barbaric.
- AMICIA: Sarcrificed... like animals.
- HUGO: Why?
- AMICIA: They think the blood will...
bring the Child to like them.
- HUGO: He would kill them for this.
- SOPHIA: Look on the door...
Your Order's symbol.
- AMICIA: Let's get inside
that chapel and leave.
At last.
- HUGO: Oh, it's...
...the Child.
There's so many of them.
- SOPHIA: There're pretty recent.
Who did this?
Milo?
- AMICIA: This fresco...
It's the Carrier and his Protector.
It's the only one where she appears.
- SOPHIA: So... what?
This chapel was dedicated to her?
- AMICIA: To the Protector.
Aelia was just filling the position.
That was...
...her function...
...among the Order.
- HUGO: They wanted to punish her.
- AMICIA: Let's look down there.
- SOPHIA: Where the hell is Milo?
- AMICIA: I don't know.
Aelia's more important.
A crypt.
- HUGO: There's nothing.
- AMICIA: Let me look.
"Unum...
"Twueri...
"Omnes...
Tuendo..."
- SOPHIA: "Protect one, protect all."
- AMICIA: That's from the Protector.
The Order locked her in here.
- SOPHIA: That's a nice dynasty
of morons you got there.
- HUGO: Be careful...
There might be a spider in there.
- SOPHIA: This thing again!
Why?
- AMICIA: She's angry...
Scared for the Carrier.
She's so young.
She wants him back.
She knows where they took him.
The sanctuary.
The palace.
The fort.
It's a map.
This is where they took him.
- SOPHIA: Wait. So it's that easy?
Under the map. Just like that?
- AMICIA: Just...
...like that.
A Protector's legacy...
...to another Protector.
- SOPHIA: Sure...
That makes sense.
Whatever.
Just another day in your life.
- AMICIA: Let's go back to the map.
- SOPHIA: It still doesn't tell us
where Milo is.
- AMICIA: Well... It looks like
his work was done anyway.
- MILO: (YELLING) What the hell
are you doing in there?
This place is sacred!
- HUGO: No!
- MILO: You...
It's you... You've answered my call!
Did you like my offering?
I can help you rule.
I've got men, slaves.
- HUGO: You killed all of them.
- MILO: For you.
The Countess,
she calls herself the Mother but...
You need no Mother.
You need servants.
- HUGO: Stop telling me what I want!
- MILO: You're... the girl...
from the painting?
- SOPHIA: (SCOFFS)
No.
She is.
Don't say anything.
- GUARD: They killed Milo, here!
- SOPHIA: Here we go. They're coming.
- AMICIA: Hide. Watch over Hugo.
- HUGO: Amicia! Let me help!
- SOPHIA: No! You stay there!
- AMICIA: Let us go! We could end it here!
- HUGO: They won't listen to you!
They're just stupid!
- AMICIA: Stop, goddammit!
- HUGO: You'll all die!
- AMICIA: Calm down, Hugo!
Sophia! Please!
- SOPHIA: Stay down, Hugo!
- HUGO: Let me go and help her!
- AMICIA: Lord... they keep coming!
- HUGO: Yes! Show them!
Let me kill them too!
- SOPHIA: Hugo, let her!
- AMICIA: He won't hold.
I need to end this quickly.
- HUGO: There're too many. Let me help!
- AMICIA: No! Close your eyes
and cover your ears. You hear me?
- HUGO: It's a TOO DANGEROUS, Amicia!
Let me face them!
- SOPHIA: Listen to me now!
Stop this!
- HUGO: Don't tell me what to do!
She's my sister!
- AMICIA: Hugo! Listen to Sophia!
- SOPHIA: Amicia, we have to get inside
the chapel. There's no other way.
- SOPHIA: Hugo!
- AMICIA: No! Go back!
- HUGO: No!
(RATS SQUEAKING)
(GROUND BREAKING)
- AMICIA: Hugo, that's enough!
- HUGO: They must die!
- AMICIA: Stop!
- AMICIA: They are dead!
Everything's collapsing, we must leave!
- SOPHIA: Amicia... Through here.
To the sea, quick!
- AMICIA: Hey!
- HUGO: This place was supposed to help.
And I'm still the same.
It's even worse!
- SOPHIA: Hugo.
Look at me!
Hugo, look at me!
- AMICIA: Sophia...
Why are you crying?
- HUGO: Because you're going to leave.
Because of me...
- SOPHIA: Calm down.
Now you listen to me.
I've never seen anything like you two.
And for some stupid reasons, I like you.
And I like you at the shittiest worst
of your life, right?
I'm fine with that.
Even the strangest things
happen for a reason.
Sailor's stories are full of it.
That said...
You need to seriously calm down
and listen to what adults tell you.
Deal?
And you are not a goddamn army.
He looks up to you.
And when your dead-wish becomes his.
This is what happens.
And this will have consequences.
- AMICIA: So...
Are-are you staying?
- SOPHIA: Don't say it out loud.
- HUGO: Thank you.
- SOPHIA: You should be the one's rowing.